[CUBRIDMAN-262] Add HA trouble-shooting manual for HA failover / failback message (#578)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/ha.rst

| [Failback] [Cancelled] No hosts are registered in ha_ping_hosts, or all registered hosts are invalid, making it impossible to determine the network partition.  | Fail-back has been cancelled due to the inability to perform a ping check because there are no hosts registered in ha_ping_hosts |
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| [Failback] [Success] Current node has been successfully demoted to slave.                                                                                       | Fail-back is successfully completed, and the master node has been demoted to a slave node                                        |
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | [Failover] [Cancelled] Ping check has been failed to all hosts registered in ha_ping_hosts, indicating a network partition.                                     | Fail-over is canceled because the slave node fails the ping check and determines that there is a network partition to slave node |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Failover] [Cancelled] Ping check has been failed to all hosts registered in ha_ping_hosts, indicating a network partition.                                     | Fail-over is canceled because the slave node fails the ping check and determines that there is a network partition to the slave node |
```

For the slave node, fail-over is successfully completed only when a ping check using **ha_ping_hosts** confirms that there is no current network partition. Below is a list of fail-over and fail-back messages that could be logged when the master node loses its role.

+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Diagnosis Messages                                                                                                                                              | Description                                                                                                              |
+=================================================================================================================================================================+==========================================================================================================================+

> | [Failback] [Diagnosis] The master node failed to restart the server process.                                                                                    | Fail-back has been initiated since master node failed to restart cub_server process that has been terminated abnormally  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Failback] [Diagnosis] The master node failed to restart the server process.                                                                                    | Fail-back has been initiated since the master node failed to restart a cub_server process that has been terminated abnormally  |
```

+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | [Failback] [Diagnosis] The master node has lost its role due to server process problem, such as disk failure.                                                   | Fail-back has been initiated since master node lost its role due to disk failure or similar reasons.                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Failback] [Diagnosis] The master node has lost its role due to a server process problem, such as a disk failure.                                                   | Fail-back has been initiated since the master node lost its role due to a disk failure or similar reasons.                     |
```

+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | [Failover] [Diagnosis] The master node (master_node_name) has lost its role due to server process problem, such as disk failure.                                | Fail-over has been initiated since master node lost its role due to disk failure or similar reasons.                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Failover] [Diagnosis] The master node (master_node_name) has lost its role due to a server process problem, such as disk failure.                                | Fail-over has been initiated since the master node lost its role due to a disk failure or similar reasons.                     |
```

| Result Messages                                                                                                                                                 | Description                                                                                                                        |
+=================================================================================================================================================================+====================================================================================================================================+
| [Failback] [Success] Current node has been successfully demoted to slave.                                                                                       | Fail-back is successfully completed, and the master node has been demoted to a slave node                                          |
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | [Failover] [Cancelled] Ping check has been failed to all hosts registered in ha_ping_hosts, indicating a network partition.                                     | Fail-over is canceled because the slave node fails the ping check and determines that there is a network partition to slave node   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Failover] [Cancelled] Ping check failed for all hosts registered in ha_ping_hosts, indicating a network partition.                                     | Fail-over is canceled because the slave node fails the ping check and determined that there is a network partition to the slave node   |
```

+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| [Failover] [Success] Current node has been successfully promoted to master.                                                                                     | Fail-over is successfully completed, and the slave node has been promoted to a master node                                         |
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Multiple master node (split-brain)
--------------------------------------------

**Multiple master node (split-brain)**

> When there is an abnormal status that two or more nodes are in charge of master role in HA environment, we call it "split-brain". n such a scenario, all master nodes except one designated to perform the master role will fail-back to slave nodes to resolve the split-brain situation. Below is a list of fail-back messages that could be logged in split-brain scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When there is an abnormal situation where two or more nodes assume the master role in an HA environment, it is referred to as a "split-brain" scenario. In such cases, all master nodes, except for the one designated to perform the master role, will fail-back to slave nodes to resolve the split-brain situation. Below is a list of fail-back messages that may be logged during a split-brain scenario.
```
